# Design Diary for Assignment 1

Although this assignment was probably intended to be a simple one, I struggled with it. It took me a while to set up my all page using the walk. The filename would be inserted into the dictionary with the file extension, which would result in an error. Thankfully, my group member told me about a function that would split the string, allowing me to chop off the unnecessary extension. My login page went by more quickly. It currently redirects the user to the home page though,since I wasn't quite able to get my edit page to work.I did look at some tutorials to get authentication with an SQLite database, but I figured that I should figure out the edit page before confusing myself even more. I understand the edit page a little better now, but I haven't gotten it to work properly. It would display the raw html for a file and allow me to edit it, but I didn't know how to save those changes. I know that the session would have to match the session I defined in the login route, but beyond that I dont know what to do.
The raw html would also only display if I typed "edit/page_name" in the search bar. For example, if I wanted to view the raw html for the login page, I would have to type http://127.0.0.1:5000/edit/login. It was cool to see how Python can be used with HTML, especially since I'm learning HTML in CS 328. It also seems like we'll be learning about forms and authentication using databases in that class, so it was interesting to get some understanding of how to do that from the videos I watched. 